feat(deadline): add ThinkboxDockerImages construct (#278)
aws/aws-rfdk: examples/deadline/All-In-AWS-Infrastructure-Basic/ts/README.md

    ```
    yarn install
    ```

> 3.  You must read and accept the [AWS Thinkbox End-User License Agreement (EULA)](https://www.awsthinkbox.com/end-user-license-agreement) to deploy and run Deadline. To do so, change the value of the `userAwsThinkboxEulaAcceptance` in `bin/config.ts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  You must read and accept the [AWS Thinkbox End-User License Agreement (EULA)](https://www.awsthinkbox.com/end-user-license-agreement) to deploy and run Deadline. To do so, change the value of the `acceptAwsThinkboxEula` in `bin/config.ts`:
```

Author: good catch. I've applied this change

    ```
    yarn install
    ```
3.  You must read and accept the [AWS Thinkbox End-User License Agreement (EULA)](https://www.awsthinkbox.com/end-user-license-agreement) to deploy and run Deadline. To do so, change the value of the `userAwsThinkboxEulaAcceptance` in `bin/config.ts`:

    ```ts
    /**

>      * Change this value to AwsThinkboxEulaAcceptance.USER_ACCEPTS_AWS_THINKBOX_EULA if you wish to accept the SSPL and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * Change this value to AwsThinkboxEulaAcceptance.USER_ACCEPTS_AWS_THINKBOX_EULA if you wish to accept the EULA for Deadline and
```

Author: I've fixed this. resolving
